Add Quarkus documentation (#6138)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/zero-code/java/quarkus/_index.md

Reviewer: As a general comment, I'd consolidate all three pages into a single page, `content/en/docs/zero-code/java/quarkus.md`.

Author: I agree. They are small enough.

Reviewer: Rename `content/en/docs/zero-code/java/quarkus/_index.md` to `content/en/docs/zero-code/java/quarkus.md`.

Author: done

---

> title: Quarkus

Reviewer 2: Perhaps to not confuse with the OTel agent instrumentation
```suggestion
title: Quarkus native instrumentation
```

Author: The native here is ambiguous. Native means instrumentation for Quarkus or Native mode instrumentation for Quarkus, which is misleading. 
Will set "Quarkus instrumentation"

linkTitle: Quarkus
---

[Quarkus](https://quarkus.io/) is an open source framework designed to help

> software developers build efficient cloud-native applications both in JVM and
> native modes.

Reviewer 2: To not confuse with the OpenTelemetry native instrumentation
```suggestion
software developers build efficient cloud-native applications both with JVM and
Quarkus native image applications.
```

> software developers build efficient cloud-native applications both with JVM and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
software developers build efficient cloud native applications both with JVM and
```

Quarkus uses extensions to provide optimized support for a wide range of
libraries. The
[Quarkus OpenTelemetry extension](https://quarkus.io/guides/opentelemetry)
provides:

> - Automatic instrumentation

Reviewer 2: `Out of the box instrumentation` is now used in the OpenTelemetry documentation

```suggestion
- Out of the box instrumentation
```

- OpenTelemetry SDK autoconfiguration, supporting almost all system properties
  defined for the
  [OpenTelemetry SDK](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/languages/java/configuration/)
- [Vert.x](https://vertx.io/) based OTLP exporter

> - Can be used in JVM and native mode (where the Java agent doesn't work)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Can be used with JVM and native image applications (where the OpenTelemetry Java agent doesn't work)
```

> - The same instrumentations can be used with JVM and native image applications (where the OpenTelemetry Java agent doesn't work).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The same instrumentations can be used with JVM and native image applications, where the OpenTelemetry Java agent doesn't work.
```

The Quarkus can also be instrumented with the

> [OpenTelemetry Java agent](../agent) but only on JVM mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenTelemetry Java agent](../agent) but only with a JVM.
```

> The Quarkus can also be instrumented with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quarkus can also be instrumented with the
```

> [OpenTelemetry Java agent](../agent) but only with a JVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenTelemetry Java agent](../agent/) but only with a JVM.
```
